# Readme #
This repo is a collection of scripts to push data from a google drive spreadsheet to RJMEtrics.

**PLEASE NOTE:**  
This app is not endorsed or supported by RJMetrics Inc. Please feel free to contribute to this repository 

## Requirements ##
This connector assumes you have headers in in the spreadsheet in row 1 of the spreadsheet.  
This connectior __will not work__ if you define more than 8 columns as keys.
The tab name __must__ only include alpha-numeric characters. Replace spaces with dots.

## Installation ##

1. Open the spreadsheet to push to RJMetrics.
2. Click Tools, Script Editor. Click Close on the Popup, or choose blank project.
3. Delete the contents of the file currently open
4. Copy the contents from this repo's [master_file.gs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smcavinney/google-spreadsheet-to-RJM/master/master_file.gs) page, and paste into the 'code.gs' script file you have open.
5. Go back to the spreadsheet and refresh the page. If you don't see a new dropdown in the toolbar titld "RJMetrics Import", close the spreadsheet and re-open it.
6. In the "RJMetrics Import" dropdown, click "Change API Key". Enter api key and client id provided in your RJMetrics account.
7. You will have to choose the key(s) that make each row unique. Enter the relevant column headers exactly as you have them in the sheet. If more than one, separate by commas.
8. In the "RJMetrics Import" dropdown, click "Sync with RJMetrics"

## Issues ##

If you encounter any errors, please open an issue here.
If you find a solution to a problem, submit a pull request.

## LICENSE ##

The MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
